Tianfeng Group loses the grass,
As far as I know, none of the top executives of Tianfeng Group are happy.
I beg you to act like you don’t know anything,
The Forget Group is the first group in the sea,
Can the higher-ups let you know casually?
Then live with you, and become, as soon as possible, Mrs. Habit.
Thank you everyone for your unearned kindness.
Oh, by the way, do you want to have dinner together?
Let me check the time? Oops
My dear
He and I forget time
Why don't you buy this for me?
All-special hand cakes
I don't understand this thing either
Seems like the cheapest
It must be hundreds of thousands, right? A Mingfang
Your company has been in business for decades
You can't afford this watch, right?
This is all small money
As long as you don't want to
I’ll buy you A Ming Fang for everything.
I didn't say that
You can't afford a dress here
I can’t afford a watch
Isn’t this boring job hunting?
Did Wujie abandon you? No, Wujie?
My son Rouhua
What kind of man can’t be found?
Boring like you
It must be boring
If you say it's boring, it's boring. It's you.
This is beyond the reach of such a thief
It's really interesting
My dear
When swiping the card
I won't even look at you
Young and warm
But I'm still thoughtful enough to burn a sum of money today.
I really can't compare to this
It’s not always the case that you are really being bullied and responsible.
Are there people who are willing to move me to buy it?